# eBL Newsletter 14

## 14 November 2023

### Fragmentarium & Signs

- It is now possible to add dates to Fragmentarium editions: Both the date of a tablet
  (i.e., the date from the date formula, so only one per tablet) and the dates mentioned
  in the text (multiple per tablet) can be entered. The date is displayed in the
  Fragmentarium edition, in the sign display, and also in the search.
- The majority of dates in J. Everling’s collection (13,480 tablets) have been imported,
  so most published NB-LB tablets are now linked to a date. The rest from the Babylon
  Collection catalogue are being processed to be imported as proper dates. Please let us
  know if you want to import any list of dated tablets.
- A list is being created of cuneiform documents from the Hellenistic and Parthian
  periods (Daniel López). Also, the signs in documents from these periods are being
  systematically tagged (Ekaterine Gogokhia). If you find any tablet from these periods
  that is not easily found, please let us know.
- ATF: 1⁄4 and 1⁄6 have been added to the grammar.
- The CTMMA 1–4 (Metropolitan Museum) and TCL 6 (Louvre Museum) tablets have been
  imported.
- Resources are now shown explicitly in the left-hand column. The following resources
  have been added so far: BDTNS, Archibab, CDLI, Metropolitan Museum, Penn Museum,
  Achemenet, ORACC, Louvre Museum.
- Only tagged signs that are completely preserved are now being shown in the sign list.
- The number of sign annotations has grown exponentially in the last few months, thanks
  to the work of Ekaterine Gogokhia. We have now 48,616 annotated signs:
  - Ur III: 375
  - Old Babylonian: 658
  - Old Assyrian: 329
  - Middle Babylonian: 1,154
  - Neo-Assyrian: 11,472
  - Neo-Babylonian: 20,629
  - Late Babylonian: 2,653
  - Persian: 2,991
  - Hellenistic: 3,426
  - Parthian: 4,929

### Corpus

- A new text has been uploaded to the Corpus: The Syncretistic Hymn to Gula
  ([III.12](https://www.ebl.lmu.de/corpus/L/3/12)) in an edition by E. Bennett.
